README.md, before:

# SVG Logo Maker

![MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)

## Description
The SVG Logo Maker Software is a versatile and user-friendly application designed for creating customized logos in the scalable vector graphics (SVG) format. This software empowers users, whether individuals or businesses, to express their unique brand identity through visually appealing and resizable logos.

## Table of Contents
1. [Installation](#installation)
2. [Usage](#usage)
3. [License](#license)
4. [Contributing](#contributing)
5. [Tests](#tests)
6. [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
To install the necessary dependencies, run the following command:
npm i

## Usage
In order to use this repo the user must:

Right click on the "index.js" file & open it in the integrated terminal.

Fill out the questions accordingly.

Select a shape.

Navigate to the dist folder & open up the logo.svg file with "Live Server"

## License 
This project is licensed under the MIT license.

## Contributing
N/A

## Tests
To run tests, run the following command:
Use the command 'npx jest' in the integrated terminal whilst in the test file location.

## Questions
If you have any questions about this repo, open an issue or contact me directly at [samuelkininmonth@hotmail.com](mailto:samuelkininmonth@hotmail.com). You can find more of my work at [duragmyreligion](https://www.github.com/duragmyreligion).

Commit message:

Added video link to README

README.md, after:

# SVG Logo Maker

![MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)

## Description
The SVG Logo Maker Software is a versatile and user-friendly application designed for creating customized logos in the scalable vector graphics (SVG) format. This software empowers users, whether individuals or businesses, to express their unique brand identity through visually appealing and resizable logos.

## Table of Contents
1. [Installation](#installation)
2. [Usage](#usage)
3. [License](#license)
4. [Contributing](#contributing)
5. [Tests](#tests)
6. [Video-Tutorial](#video-tutorial)
7. [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
To install the necessary dependencies, run the following command:
npm i

## Usage
In order to use this repo the user must:

Right click on the "index.js" file & open it in the integrated terminal.

Fill out the questions accordingly.

Select a shape.

Navigate to the dist folder & open up the logo.svg file with "Live Server"

## License 
This project is licensed under the MIT license.

## Contributing
N/A

## Tests
To run tests, run the following command:
Use the command 'npx jest' in the integrated terminal whilst in the test file location.

## Video Tutorial

Below is how to use the software:

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1fJQMIOFR60Khvn16-cj3R3gxGgaSlAEM/view

## Questions
If you have any questions about this repo, open an issue or contact me directly at [samuelkininmonth@hotmail.com](mailto:samuelkininmonth@hotmail.com). You can find more of my work at [duragmyreligion](https://www.github.com/duragmyreligion).
